How to run a tournament:

1) Run a tournament with one of the run-prog-vs-prog.sh scripts.

   Programs alternate playing each opening in the set of openings
   provided.  Each round corresponds to each program playing black once
   for each opening.

   An example tournament where MoHex with new settings plays against
   itself with old settings:

   run-mohex-vs-mohex.sh --size 11 --rounds 2 Mohex4sKnow100 Mohex4sKnow0

   where Mohex4sKnow100.htp and Mohex4sKnow0.htp are config files in the
   tournament directory. 11x11 is the default size and the default number of
   rounds is 10.

   Given the board size, the script looks for the corresponding openings file
   under tournament/openings (e.g. 11x11-all-1ply), but you can also specify
   an openings files using the "--openings" option.

   Before running the script, make sure you manually create the tournament/jobs
   directory. The directory for this specific tournament is automatically
   created under jobs/ and will contain all sgfs, results file, etc.

2) The 'results' file

The 'results' file contains a listing of the completed games and
results.  If you stop the tournament script for any reason (or if it
detects an error and stops itself), you will lose only the last game
played.  You can continue the tournament using the same command you used
to start it.

3) the nnnn.sgf files

These are the actual games played.  Each sgf file lists the exact
arguments sent to the programs so you should be able to recreate the
game as long as your programs are deterministic (i.e, after the initial
seed value to their random number generator). 

4) Getting a summary

At any time, you may run

   ./summary --file [results file] [--showTable] [--count n]

to obtain a compact summary of the tournament results so far.  The
results will be broken down by opening. Use the "--showTable" command if
you want to games down by opening and show which were split and
non-split. Use the "--count" option if you want the summary only for
the first n games (where n is a positive integer; e.g. "--count 242"
gives a summary of the first round when using all 11x11 openings).

5) The openings

The available openings are found under the openings/ directory. 
Each file contains exactly one opening per line. Make sure there
are no extra empty lines at the end of the file, as currently, every
line is used as an opening.

6) Other tools

The asymmetric.py script shows which openings are being stolen (i.e.
won as both black and white) by each player. The difference.py script
shows what game results differed between two tournaments.
